Update 104-datastructures.md (#1723)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/110-java/content/100-java-fundamentals/104-datastructures.md

> # Datastructures
> As the name indicates itself a **Data Structure** is a way of organizing the data in the **memory** so that it can be used efficiently. Data structures helps to achieve efficiency, reusability and etc. There are so many data structures like arrays, linked lists, stacks & queues, trees, graphs and many more. 
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/data-structures/#:~:text=A%20data%20structure%20is%20a,%2C%20retrieving%2C%20and%20storing%20data.'>What are Data Structures?</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.javatpoint.com/data-structure-tutorial'> Data Structures and Algorithms!</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.coursera.org/learn/data-structures'>Data Structures and Algorithms!</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Datastructures

As the name indicates itself, a **Data Structure** is a way of organizing the data in the **memory** so that it can be used efficiently. Some common data structures are array, linked list, stack, hashtable, queue, tree, heap, and graph.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/data-structures'>What are Data Structures?</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.javatpoint.com/data-structure-tutorial'> Data Structures and Algorithms</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.coursera.org/learn/data-structures'>Data Structures and Algorithms</BadgeLink>
```
